A surprising development greeted Sakurai
when he visited his parents
for the first time in two years.
I have a baby sister?!
And the reason behind Sakurai's
solitary lifestyle was revealed.
Your mom and I could get
back to getting frisky again!
You suck.
"Public House"
Meanwhile, Ami and Sakaki
had invited Uzaki out for drinks.
You know, I'd love to hear more
about you two back in high school.
"Fresh Fish"               "Nipponkai Pub"
"Grilled Chicken"
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!"
"Episode 11: I Kind of Want
to Do Things Right Already!"
During post-club practice...
How many lessons has
Sakurai-senpai given me already?
How was that, Senpai?
Mmm... better than
when you started, but...
You've stopped sinking, anyway.
See, with the crawl,
you just kind of have to splish.
Splish?
Right. Splish.
Huh? Wasn't I splishing?
You were sploshing.
Sploshing?! And that's not
the same as splishing?
They're pretty different.
This is splish,
and this is splosh.
Can't tell them apart?
I'm sorry--I'm completely lost!
Hmm... how should I put this...?
Senpai?
What's up?
Oh, it's nothing. Sorry.
No, come on.
Well... I feel weird telling you...
It's fine, really. Go ahead.
Promise you won't get mad.
I promise.
Well, I've been thinking
for a while now...
This is the third time
you've watched me swim.
You swim fast,
and your form is beautiful...
But you're really not
a great teacher, are you?
I-I'm sorry! That's so cheeky of me--
here you are teaching me and everything!
No... it's fine. I'm sorry, too.
I had a feeling.
Sorry. I wish I could teach you better.
I've never taught anyone before.
Really? Not even the other freshmen?
I haven't taught them.
Everyone this year has some
experience swimming, anyway.
Now that you mention it...
I didn't even start swimming
till my freshman year.
And you're that fast?
I was hopeless at first, too.
And it's only now that I really see
how well my seniors guided me.
It's hard to teach other people...
What about me?
Why are you teaching me?
You're too dangerous
to be left on your own.
It's like...
I can't stand by and do nothing?
Look,
even someone with just a year of swimming
under his belt can watch over you.
I know you won't drown, at least,
so you can practice with peace of mind.
You're a real nice guy, huh, Senpai?
I am?
I thought you'd be a lot scarier.
It's the eyes.
Oh, no! I did it again!
I'm so sorry! Was that a sore spot?
Well, yeah... kind of.
But it's okay.
Sakurai-senpai?
If you started swimming in high school,
what was your middle-school club?
I played baseball at first,
but I quit after a year.
I wasn't in any clubs after that.
Why not?
I think I just wasn't cut out for them.
Then that kind of makes me
your first junior, doesn't it?
Yeah... I guess it does.
I mean, as far as clubs go.
Hmm, yes, I see!
Okay, I'm going to get
a little more practice in.
Be careful.
I get it now...
It occurred to me:
Senpai's bad at using anything
that's not his own body.
"Fwoosh"
The more a sport is separate
from his body, the worse he is,
but all his muscle strength
and stamina make him great
at running, swimming solo,
and rock-climbing.
No, when I said "I get it," I meant--
And maybe it's his
natural loner tendencies,
but he doesn't seem to be
any good at team sports.
He said he made a mistake
picking baseball in middle school.
We gotta make her talk more
while she's good and sloshed.
Any weird interjection could
disrupt this flow, so please, Ami...
Uzaki's going to notice that creepy look!
Try a slightly more normal face, please!
And wipe that drool!
Hana...
Today's drinks are on me,
so go on--drink up!
A pitcher of beer, please!
Hooray!
So reckless...
Stop that.
It doesn't hurt much,
but still, stop that.
Uh... Nodoka, was it?
Well, what do you know?
You're best buds already!
That's siblings for you.
Nice babysitting!
Does this count as babysitting?
Isn't that nice, Nodoka?
What a sweet big brother,
playing with you!
You're taking too many pictures!
Turn more toward me.
I'll send some to you later.
I'm good.
Oh, don't worry--I'll hang
out with you, too.
Huh?
You might get sweaty;
best to do it before your bath.
Now, then...
It's been a while--
let's see just how rusty you've gotten.
Show me what you've got!
Good job!
I hope they finish
before dinner gets cold.
Got him at last. Now to topple--
High collar grip!
Phew! I'm beat.
Not much has changed since high school,
though his pulling hand is more powerful.
He moves well, too.
Must be working out a lot.
Now...
Uh-oh!
Oof!
You panicked and put your hand out.
Gotta break that bad habit.
Stay one move ahead...
of the next move ahead.
Get flustered, and it's game over.
Your physical ability hasn't diminished,
and you broke your
fall well--I'll give you that.
But you won't get anywhere
without your intuition for the sport.
Come back any time;
I'll gladly spar with you.
Who exactly was it who tried
to get me to stay away?
Whoa, someone did that?
What a nasty piece of work.
God, Dad, you're such a jerk.
You know, I've been wondering...
Why are you wearing
a hakama skirt for judo?
Isn't it cool?
So it's just a fashion statement.
Here I thought you'd taken up aikido, too.
We started wearing these
in the family dojo this year.
Where's mine?
You don't have one. Jealous?
Dammit. Kinda.
C'mon, up, up--no resting.
If you can't manage to throw me
before I throw you ten times,
I'll make you tell me
all about your girlfriend.
Three more throws to go!
Look, I told you, she's not my girlfriend!
Oh, she's not, eh?
So what is this not-girlfriend doing
at your place so late at night, hmm?
Did she spend the night?
Yeah, but...
There are steps to take
before you fool around like that.
No steps involved, believe me!
Not that.
I'm suggesting she's someone
who'd readily take a bath
in the apartment of a man
who's not her boyfriend.
She's not! There are some iffy things
about her, but she's not like that!
Not that it's your business,
but she comes over to hang out
because she worries about me!
She trusts me, as her senpai!
Abeshi!
You imbecile!
How can my son be
so frighteningly useless?!
A s-sneak attack...
Think about it!
If you don't do things right,
people are gonna talk about that girl!
He's finally getting it.
But I can't stop there.
Two more quick throws,
and I'll have you spilling all the beans.
Here goes!
It's almost dinner time!
What are you doing?!
You stink of sweat.
Bath first, both of you!
Now I'll have to reheat dinner.
Honestly!
I'll let you off the hook for today.
Y'know, your mother may have had a baby,
but she's still stronger than I am.
Don't get her too angry
or too worried, okay?
Ami...
Something I noticed:
Having water afterwards is
a big part of going out drinking.
I get that!
Look at this girl...
What an old-man conversation.
Thanks for bringing her home, Ami.
Can you get home okay?
I'll be fine. I've got a taxi waiting.
And I just love taking taxis
with other people's money!
I-Is that so...?
Well... good night.
Ami! Ami!
Yanagi?
Were there any developments
between Hana and her senpai today?
No... I'm afraid Sakurai didn't join us.
Aw, too bad.
In the end, I just got some rather
one-sided enjoyment out of it...
I wish she'd lay off the
creepy eyes when she comes over.
Why do you ask?
Well...
There's something I'd like to try.
Such good water...
Ow, ow, ow...
Uzaki...
If you don't do things right,
people are gonna talk about that girl!
Can I... perhaps...
...join you?
You and your papa, Shinichi?
For old time's sake--
Who's this "papa"?!
Go on, now!
You haven't been home in
nearly two years, so eat up!
But this is way too much!
That's a mother's love.
Shut up and take it.
"Asia Café"
So you and Sakurai go to the same gym!
And when I heard the café's name,
it turned out to be yours!
Small world, eh?
Do you two go way back?
Imura and I were in
the same year at school.
The sandwiches here
are made with our bread.
Though it's been years
since I've stopped by.
It's that kind of relationship.
I see.
Sakaki, you're Sakurai's friend, right?
How about you join him at the gym?
Hmm, well...
And I hear your back's been
giving you trouble, bossman.
Nothing better than exercise
to fix that right up!
It might be fun to work out
with people I know.
We're waiting for you!
Sakurai got used to it right away.
Always with the fevered sales pitch...
By the way, speaking of Sakurai...
He's been wiping
that same spot all this time.
It's okay. He does that a lot lately.
He's at that age. Lots to worry about.
But today it's more serious.
Well, I'm heading back.
I've got work today.
Just don't get sick, okay?
Right. I'll be careful.
And I'll come back more often from now on.
I'd like to really throw that rotten
father of mine once before I graduate.
Yeah! Do your worst!
See you later, Nodoka.
Shinichi?
Do it right.
Oh, shut up.
What was that about?
It's our secret!
My indecisiveness is going
to cause problems for her, huh?
I never even considered that.
Heck, my not realizing might have
already screwed things up for her.
"Do things right," eh?
But I have no idea what
I need to do to make that happen.
Sakurai?
Fuji...
You've had that pained
look on your face all day.
I'm sorry. I've been thinking too much
and getting my head all mixed up.
Is this about that girl
you mentioned earlier?
Wow, Sakurai...
You'd ask advice from
someone you only just met?
You've known us for so much longer...
And what's wrong with that?!
Besides, it's not like that.
I didn't ask for advice--or
say anything at all, really.
More like Fuji just
guessed what was going on.
It's not like I was leaving
you two out of the loop...
We were kidding. Partly.
Well, in any case...
Sakurai, be honest:
What do you want from this girl?
What do I want?
A girlfriend? A lover?
Someone who'll be with you?
Aren't those all basically the same thing?
Aren't you fretting because
the status quo isn't cutting it?
Because you want to resolve this somehow?
That's what I think, anyway.
The status quo isn't working...
Is that what I think?
Solve the problem.
Huh?
How you end up solving it is up to you.
But you might be able to get there
by setting aside your worries
and figuring out your goals first.
My... goals?
Right. What do you see as
the best possible outcome?
Try mulling that over for a while first.
Then, if the problem's too hard
to solve on your own,
you can lean on those around you.
You've got friends who won't
begrudge you a little help, right?
Everyone knows you're a good guy.
We'll forgive a little
greediness on your part.
Boss...
Thanks.
You really went all-in this time!
I thought it was your policy
not to intervene.
It's just that Sakurai was in such
a pickle. I figured it couldn't hurt.
"Couldn't hurt"? You should
push him like that all the time!
As embarrassing as it is to admit,
I was moved.
Leave it to you.
What an unpleasant place to work.
Oh, goodness me, stop that.
Though I do sort of resent having
my moment stolen by someone
who just showed up out of the blue...
I completely understand.
What's this, Sakurai?
You don't even have
to blow off steam at the gym--
you're already surrounded by great folks!
What the--?! Is he trying to
insert himself into the discussion
with a know-it-all look?
Sakurai,
you always looked so gloomy
when you came to the gym.
I get the feeling you'll look a
lot less weighed-down next time.
Fuji... I hope you'll be my spotter again.
Sure!
"The Next Day"
I may not have reached any conclusions...
but I do feel a lot better.
I'll have to think things over.
That's right.
Uzaki may have a foul mouth,
but she's good people.
And she's done so much for me.
I'll thank her for all she's done
when I see her today.
And I'll do my best not to be
mean or ungrateful to her...
Senpai!
Hey.
Gosh, I don't see you for a little while,
and it feels like forever.
Does it?
Looks like she's in a good mood, too.
She's all smiles... If I'm going
to thank her, now's the time.
Uzaki, about everything--
Look, I can't be bothered to beat around
the bush, so I'll just cut to the chase:
I know you don't have any Christmas plans.
You're right.
Oh, you poor thing!
When I picture you spending
that sacred night all alone at your place
picking at fried chicken and cake,
I want to laugh and cry at the same time!
My girlfriends have invited me
to a Christmas party,
but I can turn them down
for your sake, Senpai.
And if you really, really want me to...
I can hang out with you
on Christmas instead.
What would you do without
such a kind-hearted junior, Senpai?
Christmas with a cute girl!
This is your big chance--it might
never come again as long as you live!
You'll make memories for a lifetime!
I win! Part 3 is over!
Huh? Nope: She's ticking me off.
Right, Senpai?
Quit coming over to my place!
Why?!
You hurl insult after insult
at me right after we meet up?
What even is the point?
Wait, Senpai, please!
Stop following me.
But, Senpai...
Quiet!
Why are they like this?
Senpai!
Please let me in!
--The banishment stands.
--Senpai!
What will come of Christmas?!
"Next Time"
"Episode 12: I Want to Play
on Christmas Eve, Too!"